  The film begins in medias res, with the silhouette of a man holding onto a ropelike object  a necktie, by which one man is dangling another off the edge of a building. The man holding the necktie is Oh Daesu , who commands the other man to hear his story.  The movie then cuts backward to the year 1988. Daesu is a Korean businessman with a wife and daughter. On his daughter's fourth birthday, he is picked up by police for being drunk and disorderly. He harrasses several other people at the police station, showing them the angel's wings he bought for his daughter. Finally, he has to be bailed out by his old friend, JooHwan. While JooHwan is in a phone booth talking with Daesu's daughter, YeunHee, and his wife, Kim JaHyun, Daesu is kidnapped by unidentified people.  Daesu next appears in a private prison resembling a shabby hotel room. He has been kept there for two months with no word of who is holding him there or why. He receives food through a small hatch at the bottom of the door, and is gassed into unconsciousness whenever he becomes suicidal, or when his holders need access to the room . His only contact with the outside world is through the television, from which he learns one day that his wife has been murdered, his daughter has been sent to foster parents and that he is himself the prime suspect his captors took blood and other items from him, and have presumably left enough evidence at the crime scene to implicate him as the perpetrator. This, together with his continued captivity, causes Daesu to slide into nearmadness and violent hallucinations.  Attempting to get a grip on his sanity and determine his captor, Daesu fills several notebooks with an autobiographyprison diary, listing everybody whom he could have possibly wronged in the past, but is unable to figure out who would hate him so profoundly as to imprison him like this. From year 5 on, he starts to tattoo lines in his arm for every year he is imprisoned, and forces himself to train by shadowboxing, punching at the walls of his prison until thick calluses form on his knuckles. When one of his deliveries of fried dumplings turns out to have an extra metal chopstick, he conceals it and uses it to slowly dig a hole into one of the walls. Over the next ten years, he works out, follows current events on TV, and loosens enough bricks to glimpse the outside world. He calculates that he will need another month to make the hole large enough to escape.  That night, he is gassed again and a lady hypnotizes him. He wakes up to unfamiliar surroundings. Just as abruptly as he was captured, Daesu is set free on the rooftop of a building that has been constructed over the place where he went missing. He has a new suit of clothes and his prison diaries. Adjusting to the bright afternoon light, he sees another man sitting on the edge of the building with his small dog. The first human being he has interacted with in fifteen years, Oh Daesu is taken aback, unable to have a proper conversation with him. We learn that the man is suicidal and says to Daesu, Even though I'm no better than a beast, don't I have the right to live. He then attempts to jump off the edge, but Oh Daesu grabs his neck tie, saving him from death. Daesu tells the man to delay his death, because he wants to tell him his story, to which he utters What. The scene ends at the point in which the movie began.  After relating his story, Oh Daesu walks off and out of the building, ignoring the despondent man's plea to listen to his story in turn. As he is leaving the front entrance, the suicidal man lands on a car behind Daesu, killing himself and his pet. Daesu pauses, followed by a wide smile. Laugh and the world laughs with you. Weep and you weep alone, he thinks to himself a direct quotation from the first line of Ella Wheeler Wilcox's famous poem, Solitude. Throughout the movie, Oh Daesu uses this quote as a mantra for himself whenever he faces horrible situations.  Wandering the streets of the city, Daesu does not know what to do with his newfound freedom due to his enemies framing him as the murderer of his wife. When a gang of thugs attack him, he finds that his ten out of fifteen years of solitary training have paid off he fends them off with only his fists. Next Daesu stands on the street looking at fish swimming in an aquarium, when a homeless man walks up and gives him a wallet full of cash and a cellphone. He then meets Mido , a girl who works in a sushi bar he recognizes her from a cooking show he often watched while imprisoned, and she says he looks familiar too. An unknown man contacts Daesu via his cellphone, and claims to be the one who imprisoned him. He mentions it was an experiment, and taunts Daesu to come and find him and learn the reason for the imprisonment. He gives a mysterious clue a grain of sand and a rock both sink in water with the same speed. Daesu asks Mido for something alive to eat, and gulps down an entire living squid, much to Mido's shock. Daesu collapses with a high fever Mido takes pity on him and takes him in.  At her apartment, Daesu experiences a moment of weakness and tries to sexually assault Mido. She fends him off, but understands he did it out of desperation. She tells him that she will make love to him soon, and she will indicate when she is ready for it. Over the next few days, Mido does some inquiries and finds out that Daesu's daughter has been adopted by a couple in Sweden. Daesu decides not to contact her yet and goes home with Mido, only to find out that she has been chatting on her computer for some time with a person who reveals to be Daesu's captor. Daesu feels he cannot trust Mido and leaves.  Based on the taste of the dumplings that he ate for 15 years while imprisoned, and having seen the name Blue Dragon on a receipt fragment once, Daesu goes to various Chinese restaurants with Blue Dragon in the name in order to determine exactly which restaurant it was. When he finally finds the right one, called Magic Blue Dragon, he follows the delivery boy on one of his calls, and finds the prison. Once there, he finds and ties up the prison's manager, Mr Park, and tortures him by pulling out his teeth with a claw hammer . Mr Park points him to tape recordings, one bearing his name. From the recording, Daesu learns that it is a private prison for people who want someone locked away. His captor had him booked for 15 years and even suggested what drugs to give him if he'd go insane. The only reason the captor would give is Oh Daesu talks too much. The prison guards then gang up on Daesu, but he fights them all off with nothing more than his clawhammer and his bare fists . Gravely injured, Daesu is put into a taxi by a man passing by. The man sends the taxi off to Mido's exact address, revealing he is Daesu's captor, but Daesu is unable to do anything about it in his current state.  Back at home, Mido nurses him back to health. Daesu goes to see his old friend JooHwan in his internet shop, and plays the tape recording for him. JooHwan doesn't recognize the voice, but succeeds in identifying Mido's online chat friend, a person calling himself Evergreen. They initiate a chat and Evergreen congratulates Daesu because his wife's murder case has been dismissed, and taunts him some more. Daesu returns home and tries to violently force more information from Mido, still thinking she is working with Evergreen. Suddenly, JooHwan calls, saying that he tracked down Evergreen's user ID and found the owner's details. The owner's name is 'Su Daeoh' and there is also an address. Daesu realizes it is an appartment in the building accross the street from Mido's appartment. He rushes off, investigates the appartment and finally meets his captor, a man called Woojin , and his bodyguard, Mr Han, in one of the rooms. Daesu tries to attack, but is stopped by Han. Woojin tells Daesu he cannot kill him, because if he does, he will never learn why he was imprisoned, and if he tries to use torture, Woojin will remotedeactivate the pacemaker he had surgically placed in his own chest. But Woojin offers to play a game with Daesu he must find out why all this happened to him in the next five days. If he fails, Mido will die on July 5. If he succeeds, Woojin promises to kill himself. While leaving, Woojin casually remarks that Daesu left his front door open.  Daesu races home and finds that Mr Park and his gang of thugs have captured and sexually abused Mido. Mr Park is about to use the same teethpulling torture trick on Daesu, when Mr Han shows up at the door and offers Mr Park a suitcase full of money, if he leaves. Park takes it and while leaving, Daesu threatens to cut off Park's hand.  Daesu and Mido leave the appartment. On the road, they grow closer together, and Mido indicates she is ready to make love. After the lovemaking, they are gassed and Woojin leaves a package in their room. It contains Mr Park's severed hand. Daesu realizes that Woojin can hear every word he says, so he must have bugged him. They go to a shop and have a wire removed from his shoe. The next day, with Mido's help, Daesu finds out that 'Evergreen' refers to his old high school, where he discovers Woojin was a fellow student. He calls his friend JooHwan, who confirms the finding, and mentions that Woojin's sister, who attended the school at the same time and had a promiscuous reputation, killed herself later. However, due to the not being able to spy on Daesu anymore, Woojin has gone to JooHwan's internet shop, and enraged over the comments made about his sister, he beats JooHwan to death while having Daesu listen over the phone.  Strongly suspecting the reason for his imprisonment has something to do with the sister's death, Daesu tracks down Mr Park. Due to losing a hand to Woojin, he is cooperative now and agrees to hold Mido in Daesu's old prison facility to keep her safe from Woojin. He also confirms that Daesu was drugged and hypnotized several times while imprisoned. Daesu finds another classmate and discusses Woojin and his sister with her. Apparently, there were growing rumors about the sister's sex life and her possibly being pregnant. The rumors were spread by JooHwan but it seems Daesu himself started them. Then he has a sudden recall of memory. One day at school, as it turned out, he had spied on Woojin and his sister, Sooah, and witnessed a sexual encounter. Not knowing at the time that the two were related and the scene he was witnessing was an instance of incest, Daesu mentioned what he had seen to one of his own friends, just before transferring to a school in Seoul. Eventually, the rumor started a life of its own and Sooah threw herself over a dam on July 5, killing herself. Daesu finally realizes the solution to the first clue a grain of sand and a rock both sink in water with the same speed, means that a casual remark or an outright accusation may both have the same devastating consequences to a person, so Woojin holds Daesu responsible for his sister's death.  Daesu finally founds out where Woojin lives, and confronts him with all of this information. He accuses Woojin of letting him look for a memory that was erased using hypnosis but Woojin claims not to have messed with Daesu's memory, Daesu had simply forgotten it himself because he thought it was insignificant. However, his litlle slip of the tongue grew out of proportion until it involved Sooah becoming pregnant. It was never clear whether this did in fact occur, but believing it and fearing public humiliation, she killed herself. Daesu, however, implies that Woojin killed his own sister, afraid of fathering her child, and tried to shift the blame to Daesu to cope with the guilt. Woojin does indeed possess a photo of Sooah on the dam, dated the day of her death, July 5. He took the picture, so he was present at her suicide. But Woojin then sidesteps these allegations with an even more devastating revelation. He gives Daesu a photo album, the first picture of which is a family portrait of himself, his wife, and his daughter. The remaining photos in the album are of his daughter growing older, until in horror Daesu discovers that his daughter is none other than Mido . By carefully manipulating both of their lives  secretly taking care of Mido from the age of 3   Daesu's since his incarceration and Mido's since her father vanished  and hypnotizing each of them independently, Woojin was able to cause Daesu and Mido to commit incest as well. Daesu goes into a rage and fights with Mr Han. Despite being mortally wounded, Mr Han keeps him subdued, until Woojin shoots and kills him.  Daesu then learns that Mr Park is still working for Woojin, having been granted the ownership of the prison in exchange for severing his hand. Mr Park is with Mido, and is ordered to give a similar album to her at Woojin's command. Daesu is horrified, and begs Woojin not to let this happen. He then gets on his hands and knees and starts to bark like a dog, eventually going so far as to cut off his own tongue so that he will never talk too much again. During this scene Woojin holds a handkerchief to his mouth, and it looks as if he is crying, but then it shows clearly he is laughing with smugness and struggling to hide it so he can continue to watch Daesu torture himself. With his thirst for vengeance that was his sole reason for living finally spent, Woojin spares Mido from knowing and readies to kill himself and DaeSu with the same bullet. He changes his mind, however, and gives Daesu the remote switch to his own pacemaker. Daesu immediately grabs it and uses it, only to find that it doesn't kill Woojin, but activates a tape recorder. Woojin exits the penthouse in an elevator, leaving DaeSu alone to be tormented by the tape recording of his incestuous lovemaking with his own daughter.  As Woojin leaves, we are taken back into his guiltridden memory of his sister's death. He is holding Sooah over the dam, trying to save her from killing herself, and she says that she has always known that Woojin was afraid, that she regrets nothing and asks him to let go of her. She seems at peace, and eventually he releases his grip. Back in the elevator, Woojin realizes that even after getting his revenge against DaeSu, that nothing will take his pain away. The camera is focused on his open hand, which slowly closes as if around a gun, cocks an imaginary hammer  and fires the real gun into his head in the elevator.  In an epilogue set in a wintry landscape, Daesu goes to a hypnotist  and asks for her help to forget the secret. He writes her a letter, since he can no longer talk. The hypnotist said that she originally did not want to help him, but she was touched by his last sentence Even though I'm no more than a beast, don't I, too, have the right to live. It is the same sentence Oh Daesu heard from the suicidal man who appeared at the beginning of the movie.  The hypnotist tells Oh Daesu to imagine himself back at Woojin's penthouse. She uses hypnosis to split Daesu into two personalities the Beast, who remembers the secret, and the ignorant Daesu, who doesn't know.  When the hypnotist asks Daesu to split into the two people, a reflection of himself appears in the window. The hypnotist tells him that the monster will walk away and for every step he takes, he will age a year and die when he reaches 70. The reflection is the Beast  he holds a grim expression and remains unmoved, unwilling to leave his place in Daesu's mind. The ignorant Daesu, reflected in the glass, mourns the loss of a major part of his life. The camera cuts to the cassette player which then finishes playing the music that has set the scene. Oh Daesu is wished the best of luck, and the screen turns black.  Daesu wakes up. The hypnotist has already gone, and he is left lying on the cold ground with a delirious feeling. He stumbles about, and finally with some hesitation he meets up with Mido and they embrace. The soft spoken Mido tells Daesu that she loves him, and a large smile appears on his face, which slowly disintegrates into a tortured grimace. 